docs: working with stages documentation (#2608)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/15-concepts.md

pipeline may feature a "test" or "dev" stage as its starting point, with one or
more "prod" stages at the end.

:::note

> For more information on the Stage Resource, refer to [Working with Stages](./30-how-to-guides/14-working-with-stages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the technical details of the corresponding `Stage` resource type, refer to [Working with Stages](./30-how-to-guides/14-working-with-stages.md).
```
